Firmware for at76c503a driver
=============================


Copyright
---------

The firmware is copyrighted by Atmel Corporation.  Please see file
COPYRIGHT.


Purpose
-------

The included firmware files are intended only for use with Linux
at76c503a driver.  Every supported device need just one firmware file,
and the driver knows which firmware to load.


Installation
------------

The firmware is loaded by the kernel using hotplug or udev.  For the
firmware to be found and loaded, it should be copied to the directory
where hotplug or udev will find it.

udev supports firmware download starting with version 066.  If an older
version of udev is installed, then hotplug is likely in change of the
firmware loading.

If you don't have either of udev or hotplug, please install a recent
version of udev.

When udev is used, this directory is normally called /lib/firmware.  If
hotplug is handling the firmware, if would normally look in following
directories:

  /lib/hotplug/firmware
  /usr/local/lib/hotplug/firmware
  /usr/lib/hotplug/firmware

For example, if you determine that the firmware is loaded from
/lib/firmware, copy the firmware files there as root:

  cp *.bin /lib/firmware

The firmware download is initiated by the driver after it detects the
appropriate hardware.  No additional scripts or utilities are needed to
load the firmware.  See kernel log (using the dmesg command) to make
sure that the firmware download has succeeded.


Older firmwares
---------------

Some older versions of the firmware are included in the "old" directory. 
The firmware version is the name of the subdirectory under "old".

If for some reason you want to try an older version of the firmware,
copy it over the firmware used by udev or hotplug and reconnect the
device.  See kernel messages to make sure the driver is using the
desired version of the firmware.


Contact information
-------------------

Please don't contact Atmel about this firmware.  Atmel neither wrote the
at76c503a driver nor packaged this firmware.  Their good will should not
be punished by misdirected support requests.

Please don't write any individual developers personally.  The driver is
developed collectively, and the discussion about the driver should be
open for others.

The mailing list for developers of the at76c503a driver is

  at76c503a-develop@lists.berlios.de

The mailing list for users of the at76c503a driver is

  at76c503a-user@lists.berlios.de

You may also want to download the latest version of the driver and check
the included documentation, which may be more current than this
document.
